
---
layout:     post
title:      Why Most Mobile Development Projects Fail
date:       2016-05-08 10:42:00
---

From [This is why most mobile development projects fail](http://clean-swift.com/mobile-development-projects-fail/)

> There are many things that can potentially go wrong in a project. I’m sure you
> also have your own unique horror story, or stories. But you’re too busy writing
> code. There’s no time to take a step back to try to figure out why you’re
> feeling this way.
> 
> Is this the nature of being a developer? Do all developers feel this way? Are
> you going to be feeling like this forever, as long as you are writing code for
> a living?
> 
> Is this really all your fault? Are you the one to blame?
> 
> You can try to deflect the blame. You can say this is not your fault. The idea
> isn’t as good as you thought it was. The design is too complex. The
> requirements are too stringent. The edge cases are too encompassing. There’s
> not enough time and budget planned for this large app. Or this team just
> doesn’t work well together. Maybe there are communication issues that need to
> be dealt with first.
> 
> You can also choose to take all the blame. Yes. This is your fault. You didn’t
> architect your app properly. You didn’t design and decouple your classes
> correctly. You didn’t refactor enough. The unit tests have holes in their
> coverage.
> 
> Or somewhere in between. A popular, feel-good, folk tale version. We work as a
> team. We fail as a team. We take the fall together as a team. So it’s
> everybody’s fault. No finger pointing.
